Corino is on the calls at how you
pronounce it Carini oh yeah yeah you
actually brown subscribe that's awesome
fantastic where you called from Kentucky
all right and what's going on in
Kentucky these days anything interesting
Derby we've gotten almost the foot of
snow in the last two days all right so
we just need a bit we need to get your
snow to Colorado we're working on those
love that'd be wonderful
yeah so what do you want to talk about
on the show today I think that first of
all I think that c9 is not going to make
playoffs and either split maybe they
will get it together by the summer but I
don't think that they're gonna have
anything together they downgraded love
slots let me stop you right there the
idea that like if c9 sucks they're just
gonna sit there with the same team well
hey I want to hear the rest of his okay
so okay okay so the playoffs we bring up
I don't know that's the problem is that
like all of the good talent what if
hunter thieves blows dick and then
someday wants to leave and they pick up
Sunday they swap spend for a native
jungler and then boom they got some day
on their team who the fuck knows sorry
ollie
we try to try not to have that language
on this show yesterday we're
family-friendly is Travis should be with
a but hand over button to hot mute me
all right I mean oh that's fair that's
that's absolutely that's a good point
they could pick up somebody I I don't
think that I think that the licorice
criticism is 100% right on I don't think
that I mean I think you could have
picked up a bunch of different top
laners from challenger that would have
been that you know just as good as him
because every time that you in the
challenge early then he went up against
was a gold coin it was gonna be one it
was one of the two yeah he got stomped
on every time that he went up against
them and you're gonna put him up against
against impact who knee I mean I just
don't see him performing very well
and you know said that was the best move
that CSMA in the offseason was getting
her istván scared in my opinion uh
that's based on his world's performance
irony oh so you've obviously tilted
you've toasted mark enough that he cut
it here I always I was only wanted to
chime in on the idea that the summer
Ross well we okay we need we haven't
even okay so you thought that part of
the question off let's yeah let's locks
it off so spring split you think
licorice is gonna be the downfall senior
and it sounds like I think he's gonna be
the most important the most important
part for this uneven employees gonna
play no no important important part is
trying to be funny
all right no Travis likes to take a word
and use it incorrectly be like did you
guys get it I used that word wrong so
he's gonna get ready he's gonna be the
most important aspect he's going to
succeed like certain people believe you
will and see how it'll be okay I don't
think that that's gonna happen but he's
either gonna be the success of the
downfall of the team okay and you think
downfall very clearly yeah very clearly
okay yeah and I think they're gonna be
pretty good I think they're gonna be top
forward I think they have the ability to
be top four let me rephrase that
yeah and I think like West is going to
be last place where's Colin Guardians uh
I don't think they're gonna make
playoffs I think they'll probably be
like six seven eight nine somewhere in
there maybe maybe six at the best but
probably seven date design okay all
right probably what do you think I know
that you followed cloud nine for a long
time oh yeah I've just been making
facial expressions this whole time
because I just what triggered me was he
doesn't think CNN's gonna make playoffs
period this year just because of this
roster like even if licorice is just as
crappy as maybe he thinks he is like
loses an arm amputation or something and
then since Spence Garrett as bad as
reddit thinks he is I just don't see how
c9 is gonna get beat by like golden
Guardians wait just a little bit
ago you were all the gold Guardians hi
trade they play cloud nine
don't they play them on the second day
or something but no I just don't see
that happening I don't see cloud 9 maybe
losing for the first half of the split
maybe it just goes terribly and they
don't make some sort of a change they
don't make some sort I just what's your
so I think everyone agrees licorice is a
wild card oddly if you had to make a
prediction don't where you don't have to
back it up but if you had to make a
prediction on licorice what's your guess
does he stick around past the spring
split I haven't seen too many games but
you know what he seems like a sweet
individual and for that I give him my
blessing no but I think maybe he'll have
her I want to give him like a chance
like give him a few weeks to get settled
into everything but I think he has the
potential to do great okay I think he's
gonna have like a rough time in top lane
but I don't think he's just gonna fall
flat on his face okay he came up to me
as I discussed last week at the New
Year's party introduced himself was a
nice guy so he's got my vote of
confidence Carini oh why won't you say
such awful things about a guy who's so
polite he could be a wonderful person I
don't I'm not I'm not attacking him as a
person I just don't think that he can
stand up against against some of the
other top layers that are out there not
to mention some of the other junglers
that are gonna be hanging his Lane
because he's gonna be a weak link
so to kirino's point he did have a
really night he's challenger regular
season performance and for the most part
pretty good playoffs but then he got
picked apart a little bit in the promo
relegation matches if I remember
correctly so that was a little bit
concerning and I'm not sure I agree on
the spend point though yes if you get
the spend from worlds it's a disaster
but I don't think that's really how good
sven is and i think it was one of those
things like to happen with smithy where
is like you know what you just need to -
like sever the ties the milk has gone
bad whatever however you want to say
about it like that raw
didn't function correctly anymore yeah
yeah that that's 100% agree on that cool
well thank you so much crane you know
for a very hype conversation any final
thoughts you still are you still
sticking with your cloud9 statement yeah
no I saw him I mean they could change it
up I don't I will back up a little bit
and I'll say that for spring I don't
think they're making okay okay I mean
you don't have to go back the great
thing is is I mean your anonymous person
from Kentucky
you could everyone could be linking this
cliff at as c9 fails to make playoffs in
summer all right that's a that's the
thing is when you you don't back down
and then you're right and you get to
spam post this shit yeah
Oliver grab-ass nice content yeah thanks
so much for the call dude thanks guys
yeah nice little wave Claire Romilly I
don't what's it's my first time Travis
could you you know you could just say I
know I like the wave it was good to do
that at the end of it everybody's
Princess Diaries
is that from Princess Diaries yeah yeah
what's her name